Good day in this video wanted
would like to share information with you
stimulate the seeds and achieve
almost one hundred percent similarity
see that we need her
need natural honey
warm water and baked 7 on a platter and
here is a tea strainer that we do
here is one teaspoon of honey diluted in
warm water
here we dilute honey in warm water
pour a saucer and pour out here I will
stimulate basil seeds
Here I came in Italy So I ordered
specially yourself such basil seeds
that's how they look and we'll be here i
literally
and here in this water you are literally on
half an hour we leave our seeds
they during this time are fed by this
the solution is such a proven method I
I have n't used it yet, but everyone here
jungle checks professionals literally
recently I was sold like this somewhere
information and then so that the water goes well
we will use this strainer
for tea we are here
water and all our seeds can
will then, after such stimulation has
sprout
and land all the success until soon
meetings and here's a continuation video, see
it's been half an hour already I think you saw
what were these little seeds that's how
they were already drinking water and now i am
seeds along with this water
I will put a post such polyethylene
plastic and not any other capacity i
took a plastic bottle cut
in half reinforced this whole thing in
in toilet paper and now these are all
seeds with water I will move
here and in the process I will here this bottle
put a plastic bag in short
look further and here's how it turns out
already in this bottle and now i just have it
I was placed in a plastic bag and a
but there will be water will evaporate later
there will be there will be a microclimate which
very good effect on the seed germination
and that's how it turned out already in this
stump close it is necessary hermetic
under the crush below and here we have such
the picture is so very good
effective method
I use them is not the first like this
that apply all success to the ambulance
meeting